It's 9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen,
and here in Hong Kong, you're watching
[music] the China show. I'm Y Ivon Man
with Midman Low. We're coming down to
the open of markets in greater China.
Our top stories this morning, Asian
stocks fall after a weak forecast from
[music] Broadcom and fresh clashes
between the US and Iran. Oil slipping
with Israel and Lebanon agreeing to a
ceasefire. [music]
Bloomberg learns that Deep Seek is close
to finalizing a deal to raise more than
7 billion from [music] investors
including Tencent and CL. Also ahead,
SpaceX officially files for the biggest
IPO of all time. Elon Musk moving closer
to becoming the world's first
trillionaire. [music]
And China expands outbound investment
rules to cover individuals, potentially
raising compliance hurdles for tech
founders and ordinary stock investors.
[music]
Well, we thought things were going to be
a bit more rosier today given the fact
that we had some positive headlines
around Iran, the ceasefire between
Israel and Lebanon, but then again, it
seems like maybe things are a little bit
too, I guess, frothy when it comes to
the AI trade here today. And I think
that Broadcom outlook certainly did
weigh on sentiment here today.
>> Yeah, and that Broadcom out outlook was
actually really good. It's 180% gain on
year. That was the forecast, but still
investors are looking for more. It
really shows you how much fraudliness,
as you said, there is in terms of
expectations, right? It pulled down all
of these tech stocks in the US and we're
seeing that contagion here in Asia as
well.
>> Yeah. And this is against this backdrop
of continued fundraising from some of
these big AI players, right? You talk
about what the deepseek and what our
reporting has suggests about the amount
of money that they're raising, right?
SpaceX as well. finally got that filing
here and it seems like there could have
been maybe more sort of a reason to to
continue on this AI trade, but you know,
we've been talking about this for a
while now when it comes to Korea, right?
There's been net selling from foreign
investors and that maybe is starting to
kind of take a bit more of a hit now
that market.
>> Yeah. It's probably, I guess, a victim
of its own success, right? A lot of
investors are now putting money into
Japan. We are seeing uh net selling in
Korea um and in Taiwan as well, just
because they're hitting their position
limits there. And you talk about SpaceX,
right? that monster $75 billion IPO and
how that's potentially going to open the
the doorway for more mega IPOs and what
does that mean for markets right in
terms of the depth of liquidity for
markets as well
>> yeah so that certainly is going to be
the key thing as we watch of course
where we are in this AI trade right is
it going to be the likes of North Asia
versus you know China which has been
sort of the preference from investors
here today but today at least we are
seeing a bit of a cooling across risk
assets uh and it really could down to
what we're seeing, right? King dollar
seems to be back in the haven of choice
here. Right now, we had pretty strong uh
sort of job numbers that came through
from the US. So, yields are picking up
once again. Those ray hype bets are from
the Fed are kind of increasing. Now, the
Cosby returning from that holiday and
we're down about 1.6% here right now.
It's interesting too, Goldman actually
did raise their their targets for the
Cosby yesterday from 9,000 to 12,000.
The TX also they think could hit 51,000.
Uh so they still think double- digit
gains from here on forward, but today
we're just taking a breather. Chip
makers certainly in focus here just
given the Broadcom outlook. Uh we saw
that 13 14% drop uh after hours for that
company. So that's certainly weighing on
on the semi side of things here today.
SK Heinix leading that charge lower to a
3% drop here right now. And commodities
as well. So we do have some positive I
guess signals coming through from Israel
and Lebanon agreeing to that ceasefire.
So oil markets have kind of cooled down
as well. Uh we're so lower by 9/10 of 1%
around 97 bucks for bread here this
morning. Even just some of these kind of
hot commodities that we've been talking
about whether it's copper, aluminum also
coming off here today. Even tin which we
talked about which is kind of part of
that whole AI story as well. Uh a lot of
the movement has been in FX uh in the
last 24 hours or so, right? So you had
the dollar kind of reigning higher here.
Dollar yen was above 160 at one point.
Then there was these BOJ comments from
the governor.
seem to suggest and maybe signaling that
a hike could be coming as early as this
month. So you are seeing a little bit of
movement but not that much. We're still
around that 160 level here. So we are on
intervention watch not just for the yen
but also for the one coming back from
that holiday and we are seeing here a
little bit more moves here after what we
heard from uh after dropping to that
two-month low. We're coming off that
just slightly here but they have been
talking about excessive one-way moves.
So EMFX certainly could be royal here
today. Of course, we saw what happened
in Indonesia yesterday. Uh yields are
coming off some of the initial movement
and dropped yesterday when it comes to
uh treasuries, right? So there we have
the jobs report coming up. So we'll see
how that all fares too. But really the
setup to China looks like this here
today. Futures are looking like this. We
talk about remmbb as well. Actually that
strength that we saw also broke after
the news of those tariffs that the US
has proposing here uh for countries up
to 60 including China as well. So we're
around that 677 handle. Futures are in
the red this morning.
>> Yeah, and China actually hitting back at
those accusations of forced labor as
well. But meanwhile, that AI theme
continues to be a focus here, right? And
we did hear from Bridgewater Associates
founder Ray Dalio. He's warning that
we're in an AI bubble that will
eventually burst. Here he is speaking
with Bloomberg's Danny Burger.
>> A very small percentage of the
population is going to do unbelievably
and a lot of people won't. So what do we
do? Can we work together politically to
deal with those issues? And how do you
optimist? I do not believe. I'm not
optimistic on us working together to
solve.
>> So what's the end? Is it a bubble that
bursts eventually?
>> So I I I think it is. Yes.
>> Let's bring in our team. Our market
reporter Anthony Stevens and chief North
Asia correspondent Stephen Engel are
here in Hong Kong. Also joining us out
of San Francisco is our Bloomberg deals
editor, Michael Hya. Anthony, I'll start
with you. Uh it seems like we thought we
could be seeing some positive headlines
even around Iran and like but right now
we're seeing a bit of a sell-off here.
Is the Broadcom to blame?
>> Yeah, we had Steve come back from Taiwan
and the markets [laughter] are dropping
right.
>> Yeah on the news Steve is back.
>> Out of jokes I think the Broadcom result
and guidance is quite interesting. You
know it is very strong but the in the
press conference or the press briefing
uh analyst briefing they touched on the
fact that they have supply constraints.
So, you know, any guidance that doesn't
include the word parabolic is is p
punished by the market. But you're
seeing their suppliers trade quite mixed
actually in Korean Taiwan. Uh the people
that benefit from their increased
capacity are trading higher. So the
picture coming into today in tech is
quite a bit mixed in terms of tech
though it's facing this uh rates
headwind now as the kind of momentum
slows down. You know uh speaking of
Computex like Nvidia has traded right
back to where it was before Computex. So
markets are asking a question right okay
now we know how far the growth is going
but in this growth is inflationary to
what extent is it inflationary and how
much of that has to be priced right and
on top of that we have as you guys
touched on the liquidity problem a lot
of the upside and the excitement around
AI is now going into these IPOs
>> and we have uh EMFX and Bitcoin also
under pressure as well what is driving
this
>> yeah the competition with the dollar is
now facing a big headwind right anything
that has to compete compete with the
dollar is struggling. Uh the jobs data
has come out backto back between private
and public very strong. Uh the wage the
wage uh debate yes has to be resolved
but the US job market is very strong. So
this takes a leg away from the wash plan
to cut rates at the very least they're
holding rates. Now in EMFX the fact that
oil is still above 90 is a big problem
for countries that do not have a
semiconductor kicker right and you're
seeing this consistent pressure. uh
Indonesian rupia, Indian rupee, uh
Philippine peso, but even stuff like the
Korean one, Taiwan dollar, there is no
space for error. And I think Indonesia
is the biggest example of that. They had
that bobble with MSEI and Footsie and
they've gotten relentlessly punished for
it. There is no space for error.
>> Thanks, Anthony Stevens, our Bloomberg
Markets reporter. Uh let me bring you
in, Steve, because we have Deep Seek
looking to raise $7 billion in funding.
Just tell us more about this deal and
who's involved in it. Well, it's a
significant deal for of course a company
that was just founded in 2023 and is
being credited of course for the Deep
Seek moment for China's uh you know AI
comparable AI at a lower cost and
continual open-source model. That's
Deepseek of course. Uh their big
investors are Tencent and CL. So we're
hearing from sources uh that they're
close to finalizing this deal to raise
about 50 billion yuan. That's 7.4
billion US from those investors
including Tensent. also from the founder
uh Leangf um and you know is one of the
the biggest startup financings China has
seen and I mean the whole movement uh
all the little dragons in Hongjo it's
kind of lumped under the umbrella of the
deepseek moment uh and that's what
they're going to continue to do
prioritize groundbreaking AI research
over short-term commercialization and
that kind of pivots nicely as well into
the discussion because Chinese AI
developers are facing the same kind of
pressure the US AI developers are when
are you gonna start improving the bottom
line?
>> Yeah, especially when you talk about
token costs and the like here. Okay,
Steve, great stuff. Thank you. Our chief
North Asia correspond just coming back
from Computex here and
>> moves on. Yeah, Korea and also Deep Seek
hopefully. Um, let's talk about SpaceX,
right? We got to move on to to that big
IPO here officially filing for its IPO
and aiming to raise $75 billion in its
biggest listing ever. Uh, let's bring in
Michael. Ha. I think he's been tracking
all this and all the headlines I've been
crossing uh from San Francisco. Mike,
Michael, it's great to have you. So, we
we officially got the filing. Uh what
anything that we learned that was new?
>> A lot of it was just confirming some of
our previous reporting. Um including
that $75 billion billion dollar number
which is just enormous. Just to put that
in perspective, keep in mind the largest
previous IPO was 29 billion by Saudi
Aramco few years ago and and uh next
after that was Alibaba back in 2014 at
25 billion. So it's a lot of money and
to build on the previous conversation,
there's going to be a lot of um demand
and a lot of seeking of investors out
there willing to put up a lot of money
to fund everything AI and and such. And
it's important to remember that also um
SpaceX is largely an AI company now as
well with XAI. Um one of the things that
we did learn and confirmed specifically
was that um Elon Musk, imagine this,
he's going his own way and doing things
differently than Wall Street
conventions. He has he's selling his
shares at a fixed price of $135 each.
Normally the banks would set a range.
That'd be a little horse trading back
and forth with uh investors to see what
they're willing to pay. But Elon has
convinced that he's going to sell
exactly 555 million 555,555
shares or $135 each to get him to 75
billion.
>> There is also a lot of scrutiny now
around the governance structure of this
company, right? And just how much
control that Elon Musk has. Is that
going to change after the IPO?
>> Uh, no. It'll just be confirmed all the
more really. Um, anyone buying SpaceX
stocks has to be pretty comfortable with
the idea that the company is going to be
run by Elon Musk and Elon Musk only. Um,
the simple fact is that after the IPO,
he will have 84.4% of the voting power
in the company. So any decision that's
made will have to be his with his
approval essentially. Um that's because
he owns um almost all of the about 94%
of the uh class B shares which have 10
votes each. So he he will be firmly in
control. There is already some
resistance to that notion but you know
that's how it's going to be.
>> Okay. So, so we're set for June 11th, it
seems. What what what do we need to look
out for up until then, Michael?
>> Oh, I I think the marketing is going to
be pretty interesting. Um, you know,
starting with um we had a report today
that that Jamie Diamond of JP Morgan
himself. JP Morgan's one of the top five
banks on the IPO along with um 24 other
banks. I'm sorry, 22 other banks, excuse
me. And um the idea is that he's going
to be having a simalcast presentation
and discussion with the wealthiest
investors who are clients at JP Morgan
to pitch them directly on SpaceX shares.
Um I think this goes a long way to
whether if there's really that much
demand for that many shares out there
and what happens if um SpaceX can only
sell less than 555 million shares. if it
only sells 400 million at that price, um
that's possible. I'm not sure what
happens at that point and um it'll be
interesting to see how it plays out.
Keep in mind there's a large retail
component too that they're trying to
reach out to not exactly perhaps mom and
pop investors per se, but people who are
normally in on the ground floor of an
IPO and don't normally get to buy the sh
the shares before they go public.
Michael, obviously this is going to make
Elon Mus uh possibly close to a
trillionaire, but also many of these
Trump administration officials are also
going to get rich from this deal.
>> Um yes, they they certainly are. Um it
is an interesting point. Obviously, Elon
Musk is not free from politics in any
sense. Um, keep in mind he was very
active in in the Trump administration
and and and literally running the the
cost cutting effort called Doge um at
the beginning of the the second term of
Donald Trump. Um those they're
investors. They have the money there. Um
keep in mind SpaceX does a lot of
business with the government. It's prime
contractor is you know the defense
department and and NASA. So there's
there's important links there and
business links to it and that will
certainly be important going forward.
>> Michael Ha, thank you. Our Bloomberg
deals editor joining us out of San
Francisco before of course June 11th
where we see liftoff for SpaceX. Still
ahead, Chinese stocks will be in focus
as we discuss cities cautiously
optimistic they say when it comes to the
outlook for the second [music] half of
the year. Pier Lao from City will join
us in just a few moments away. who were
kind the open of trade in Shanghai,
Shenzhen and Hong Kong. This is [music]
the China show.
[music]
Futures are lower here this morning out
in China. We're down by 610 of 1%. The
rest of the region also seeing a bit of
a sell-off here and that's despite some
of the Iran headlines and even oil
prices that continue to cool down here
this morning. We're down about 1% for
Brent this morning. Mman,
>> yeah, and Israel and Lebanon have agreed
to implement a ceasefire if his bullah
also stops hostilities. The deal comes
days after a tense call between
President Trump and Benjamin Nanyahu as
Washington pushes to keep truce talks
with Iran on track. And joining us now
is our Bloomberg managing editor Joe. Uh
Joe, just tell us how strong is this
ceasefire between Lebanon and Israel?
>> Well, I think at this point, Mim, the
way to look at this is first of all,
this is sort of a precursor to any sort
of larger deal between the US and Iran,
right? Because at this point, uh Iran
has made any kind of talk of a broader
truce contingent on the idea that Israel
stopped strikes against Hezbollah
targets in Lebanon. Now, as for how
strong this particular uh deal that's
just been announced is, again, I think
that contingency that's outlined in
there, this idea that it's contingent on
Hezbollah um stopping attacks as well is
sort of the piece of this, right?
Because the statement comes, it's a
joint statement from the US, from
Lebanon, uh from Israel. Um but and and
Trump has said that he's actually talked
to Hezbollah leaders um earlier this
week. Um but ultimately that's sort of
the contingency here. And I think as
we've seen over the past several weeks,
months at this point, Minman, um you
know, a lot of this continues to be very
fragile. We've seen um you know, sort of
fits and starts of different attacks
involved here. So whether this paves the
way to that broader deal that we've been
talking about again for months at this
point, I think remains to be seen, but
um this is sort of like that that sort
of slow inkling of progress.
>> Tell us what happened overall in in the
House, right, with this war powers
resolution as they try to kind of halt
any sort of military action against
Iran. Yeah. So, at this point, the h the
House of Representatives has passed um
essentially a symbolic um uh measure
attempting to end the war. Um now,
there, you know, still have to go
through the Senate. There's also some
sort of legally questionable aspects of
this resolution that the House has
passed, but I think there's a couple of
things in there that really kind of
illustrate to you how much um you know,
sort of the tide is turning a little bit
in the US um in terms of sentiment
against the war. Um, chief among that
is, first of all, this is like the the
fourth time that Democrats have really
forced a vote on this issue in the House
of Representatives, but it's the first
time of those votes that four
Republicans in the House have actually
joined the Democrats. So, that does
indicate to you that there are some
members, maybe just a handful, but some
members of Donald Trump's own party that
are willing to cross the the the line
here and join these Democrats and sort
of, you know, forcing this vote. Now,
again, I think as we sort of progress
through the year, the war has been
dragging on for several months now. um
they're really really eyeing those
midterm elections in the United States
in November as something that you know I
mean you know everyday Americans are
wondering like you know problems with
inflations, price increases, all of that
kind of feeds into concerns about the
war. Um so again whether that it that
indicates that broader shift in
sentiment we'll have to see but I do
think that particularly those
Republicans turning and voting with
those Democrats is pretty significant
here. We did see a resumption of
hostilities overnight though in what is
now I think the worst sort of uh flare
ups that we had seen since the
ceasefire. But President Trump is still
quite optimistic that maybe a deal could
come through this weekend. Do we know
what Iran thinks?
>> Yes, I mean at this point that's that's
right. I mean you've had um you know
some of those strikes um sort of
dragging Kuwait into the situation here.
Um some of the most significant
flare-ups that we've seen since that
ceasefire um between the US and Iran was
announced uh back in April. Um now
again, yes, Trump is going to continue
to project confidence. I'm sure that
this um you know the ceasefire um that
he's just announced with Lebanon and
Israel um you know again uh based on
those contingencies involving Hezbollah
um is going to sort of you know sort of
drive him to be a bit more confident
there. Um but again um it really does
come down to you know whether or not um
we actually see um you know that that
end involving Hezbollah here and then
with Iran again just all all kind of is
up in the air here. I mean they've been
really really sort of hesitant to get
involved in those truce talks again um
because of their concerns about Israel
resuming those strikes. Um, so we'll
have to see whether or not that actually
comes through this weekend, but I mean
we've been hearing uh, you know, peace
talks coming through every weekend for I
think the last four weekends in a row or
so. So, you know, it's it's it remains
very fragile at this point.
>> Jill, thank you. Jill D is there, our
Bloomberg managing editor. On the latest
when it comes to Iran, uh, we are kind
of now, of course, just 8 minutes away
from the opening of trade in greater
China. Right now, we are seeing in terms
of your pre-market, uh, we're looking
like this, right? So, Hangen is seeing
about 170 points to the downside.
Futures are still pretty deep in the red
here. We're down about 8/10 of 1%. Uh
yields are pretty steady here in the
10-year uh 677 though. We saw one of the
biggest drops in weeks when it comes to
the remmbb after announcements of the of
these new tariffs that were been
proposed by the US. Also, uh with the
dollar now strengthening once again, we
got plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back to the China Show. Here are
some of the big stories that we're
following in greater China. [music]
China has expanded its outbound
investment regulations to explicitly
cover individual [music] investors for
the first time that could raise
compliance hurdles for tech founders
[music] and ordinary ordinary stock
investors. The regulation does not spell
out how individual [music] inbound
outbound investment will be supervised,
but instead says the government will
draw up specific measures later.
Robotics firm Paxini is said to be
considering a Hong Kong IPO. Bloomberg
has learned that the [music] BYYD bet
company is working with banks for the
potential offering and may file its
[music] papers soon. The size and timing
of the IPO are yet to be decided. The
Shenzhenbased company's valuation was
just under $1.5 billion after a
fundraising [music] round in March. The
US and its Five Eyes intelligence
partners say Chinese spies are using
websites like LinkedIn to recruit
assets. [music]
A joint statement accuses Beijing of
targeting nationals with security
clearance and military personnel,
including those stationed [music] in the
Asia-Pacific. The warning illustrates
continued concern about Chinese spying
in Washington and among its allies.
All right, your pre-market is looking
like this here. continue to see a bit of
downside here as we track, you know, the
reopening in Korea and really started
things with a slump there. Uh futures
are really deep in the red here. We're
down about 9/10 of 1%. Hangen is also
lower by about 7/10 of 1%. It seems like
tech is driving that lower here. When
you even have even some of some of these
Taiwan names which are very much
computing like Lenovo like are also
falling. We might see that similar read
through when it comes to of course HS
tech here today. Uh we're continuing
we're steady when it comes to the
currency but yes we're holding on to
some of the losses that we saw that fix
just came out here also uh was weaker
than estimates there in terms of stocks
to watch it's still the chip space here
and yes we are even seeing the domestic
names falling [music] more than 1% smiC
and Huawe semi here today also tracking
when it comes to copper stocks uh some
of these miners out there also seeing
some downside here the open is next this
is Bloomberg
>> [music]
[music]
>> Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. We're kind of on the open of
markets. [music]
uh we are seeing things retreat a little
bit when it comes to this risk rally
here when you have the likes of even
some of these [music] AI big names uh in
Korea coming back from that holiday
seeing a bit of a slump here the Korean
Juan one of the biggest movers to the
downside here today [music] with this
dollar strength coming back uh in a big
way in some ways so certainly a lot of
headwinds I guess for people that are
along these markets and along the whole
AI trade today at least [music]
>> yeah it's really the double whammy right
you have the broadcom slump overnight
that is dragging the tech [music]
indexes and some of the big tech names
in Asia feeling that contagion effect as
well and Then you have the fresh wave of
geopolitical risk coming off Iran as
well with those fresh hostilities
overnight. Some of the worst violence
that we had seen since [music] the
ceasefire in early April. So we did see
that oil was gaining overnight. Although
we did get a [music] bit of relief this
morning after the headline coming out
that Lebanon and Israel is agreeing to a
temporary ceasefire here. But you take a
look at how we are opening in mainland
China markets and we are deep in the red
here. Even the Chynx index which has
been really outperforming the market is
seeing a slump of about 1.2% here. You
take a look at of course the consumer
names Quto Mai media these are all in
the red and Camricon as well tracking
what we are seeing in the rest of the
region in Korea and Taiwan lower by
about 1% right and it's also spilling
over into the commodity space. You take
a look at copper down by 1.2% and there
you go Shanghai crude is still up about
4/10en of a percent here. uh you flip
the board, you take a look at what's
happening in Hong Kong as well. And if
what we're seeing in the rest of the
region is any indication, we're likely
to see yes uh a bit of a downside here
as well on the Hong Singh Hung tech
leading declines here by 1.2%. We are
seeing a bit of a green there when it
comes to 10 cent, right? We are seeing
that perhaps a bit of that optimism
around that new AI agent that they are
launching but the rest of the big tech
names like Alibaba buan
are all also in the red here. Uh and yes
dollar yen also pretty uh flat I would
say this morning.
>> Look at Lenovo. There you go. Uh this
was the massive sort of rerating story.
So even when the fact that even Lenovo
isn't doing quite well here today does
goes to show uh how I guess people are
taking a bit of a breather when it comes
to where this AI story moves on from
here right. So everything from oil
stocks obviously we're tracking that
given uh you know we have seen a bit of
movement when it comes to oil prices.
We're we're mostly lower here this
morning as Mimman talked about here the
ceasefire between Lebanon as well as uh
Israel and then you have copper stocks
as well to to watch out for given that
we have come off in terms of some of the
rallies that we've seen in the commodity
complex of late. Let's talk things
through when it comes to equities here
and bring in Pier Lao City Research
China equity strategist. He's here in
our Hong Kong studios. here um you know
it's been tough being a Chinese equity
strategist I believe all this year what
does the second half bring
>> okay now second half uh we are quite
selective uh I think it's uh important
to know that the whole world now not
just China but also other part of the
world uh technology is the key
investment pieces so definitely uh we
are updating on tag which is fast
growing and also uh this is something
the most important or top priority in
Chinese government 15-year
And on the other hand, we are not
expecting much uh massive China economic
stimulus. China GDP growth in first
quarter was 5%. Uh at the high end of
the fullear target between 4.5 to 5%. So
that's why second half this year we are
quite selective. We do like tech and
beyond tech uh we do like export and
also IPO will be something that will
interesting in second half this year.
>> Yeah, a lot of interest in these IPOs,
right? At the same time, it's almost
seem to be sucking uh flows away from
Hong Kong. What do you think it would
take for for flows to return?
>> Well, uh I think for flu to return again
is more related to certain specific
sector because anyway people are just
interested in tech. So uh in if you look
at the HSI HSI if you exclude internet
we only have 3.7% of the HSI ratings
belong to T and this is very low
compared to for example 15.7% in CSI 300
so it's not surprising that if you look
on Hong Kong market people are quite
selective you just talk about Nanovo
something like that so we are not
playing the whole market people are
interested in some specific area and in
terms of funfo you can expect that some
fundfall to move back after the IPO. Uh
but it's again it has to be uh sector
specific.
>> So so you're still leaning towards the
Asia market if you had to choose between
A and H. Now
>> definitely because Asia market not just
because of high rating on tech but also
in terms of interest rate environment is
also more favorable. You look at PRC
10ear carbon bond yield is quite low
just 1.7%. And on the other hand the US
10year treasury talk about something
like 4.5%. So the liquidity in the Asia
market is still quite empaire and that
help to support the Asia market
>> and we do have the Trump administration
now looking to reerect this tariff war
right on uh a lot of countries including
China. What do you think is the impact
on corporate earnings in China?
>> Um now trade is an interesting topic and
obviously is related to China export. Uh
but in terms of China export now the
geographical risk has been reduced
sharply. If you look at first quarter
number, China only have 11% export uh uh
to the US market and that was only half
uh compared to 21% uh 10 years ago and
meanwhile we have more than 50% of China
export to uh those country called one by
one area. Um so in terms of geographical
risk uh related to China trade I think
has been come much lower compared to the
past.
>> What what how do you invest around the
export theme? It used to be EVs but it
seems like it could be a lot of AI
related tech related things now.
>> Yes. Now last year 2025 China had 61%
export related to machinery. So
machinery uh will be the key investment
fees for export and uh uh the things
that uh China export now is migrating to
uh upper high-end product. uh so uh
that's why machinery account for a very
big part and also China is quite unique
having the full value chain in a lot of
industrial productions which is
something difficult to be replicate in
other country so that's why I think uh
uh machinery heavy machinery related
automations these are the things uh
empowering China
>> I want to get your take on the Trump
administration proposing new tariffs now
through section 301 could could this
continue to could weigh on the export
side of Do you think
>> uh I would say that uh the uh USI uh
trade tariff would continue to give
turbulence in the stock market. Uh but I
I just mentioned I mean China export now
only 11% uh go to the North America
area. True is not so significant
compared to the past. You look at China
export number in the first four month
this year it was up 15% yearon year.
Obviously it's much better than most
people expectation. And when we talk to
the Chinese scalping people like
Ministry of Commerce, they are confident
about China export. Um so that's why we
do think that second half this year,
China export will continue to be better
than market expectation.
>> But if we continue to see this
geopolitical premium being built in and
oil remaining elevated, uh which sectors
do you think would be most exposed?
>> Uh on the cautious side, uh we are uh
cautious on um uh consumer. consumer I
think is still dragged by the property
price decline in China. Uh high
unemployment rate for the young people.
Uh within the consumption space we're
quite selective. Uh we do like uh say
medical beauty services tourism these
are the few area that we like in
consumptions. Other aspect uh such as
auto auto because of price cut. So
overall we are still quite cautious. So
there's still some area that we are
causes but on the flip side uh we are
most positive to tech some basic
material like copper aluminium uh these
are the things that we we we are more
positive
>> the in terms of the AI trade in China
the hyperscalers have have
underperformed um and there's just kind
of very violent rotation whether it's
optical receivers whether it's computing
stocks whether you know we talked about
the Lenovo rerating story what do you
think investors should continue to chase
case or or rotate I mean how do you
rotate given how violent
>> this this is
>> uh I would say that when we talk about
China tech in fact uh we also need to uh
be aware of the product uh for example
if you look at the so-called China tech
index it include a lot of internet stock
are they really tech um so uh these are
the area that uh we classify under
internet but not tap and for tech
related to those high-end and with
global presence more export These are
the area that we are still up with in
the second half this year.
>> So when you mentioned these internet
stocks right the the big blue chip
stocks or what used to be the blue chip
stocks. What would it take for them to
really catch up in terms of valuation
when it you know relative to some of the
Korean and uh Taiwanese peers?
>> Well I think in very smart they do uh uh
know the underlying business where are
the major profit source of this internet
name. I mean some of them uh you can say
that they probably are more uh
consumption related uh rather than tech
related. So from that perspective I
think uh there's something difference
compared to the so-called tech name in
Taiwan. Um
>> do you get asked about Taiwan in Korea a
lot?
>> I do cover uh Korean name as well. So so
uh something like the transformer maker
in in Korea they are very popular. So uh
these are the company that they do
benefit from the global strong demand
and also uh majority of their product to
the US and these are company making good
money.
>> Uh talk to me about insurance. I know
you just upgraded that to overweight.
What what's behind that call?
>> Uh two reasons. One is uh we are
expecting insurance company getting more
uh investment gain from the equity
market. Uh that's pretty obvious in
particular related to to tech
investment. Secondly, um we uh because
of the low very low interest rate in
mainland China. So we are expecting more
migration from bank deposit into
insurance product uh which is favorable
to insurance company.
>> So would you still be uh uh would you
still position yourself for some of the
defensive banking stocks? Then
>> I think for banking stock uh probably is
more uh attractive to domestic investor
in the Asian market rather than in Hong
Kong. I mean we can do nothing just buy
the US treasury you can get 4.5%
interest rate. Uh so is that's why for
yield play in Hong Kong I I I think we
do have higher hurdle in terms of
attractiveness because of high interest
rate in Hong Kong. Um I would say that
at least 6% yield is essential to call
it you pay in Hong Kong. Uh but for uh
uh PC mainland market because of the
very low interest rate. Um so a lot of
banks could provide something around 5%
dividend uh that should be attractive to
domestic investor in in China.
>> It's interesting you cover Korea. I mean
we've seen I think seven 70 billion
dollars of of net outflows from foreign
investors in this market here and it's
starting to disrupt even the currency in
some ways.
>> How should I be looking at this market
now? Do you think that can can can a
very steep uh you know and narrow rally
be durable if you're talking about only
a few names?
>> Uh well we are aware that the recent
fund fall I think part of the recent
fund is because of the big IPO in the
US. So some money fall back to the US
market. Um and for the Korean market
itself, I think the fundamental uh from
city perspective, we are still uh
positive to it and in particular those
related to tech uh related to the uh
transformer space. These are the area
that uh we are expecting uh the uh uh
positive cycle uh to continue not just
this year but also next year.
>> Pier, thank you. Pier Laair, China
equity strategist at City Research
joining us here uh in our Hong Kong
studios. uh a look at how Asian markets
are doing as we go to that break and you
know we are continuing to see when it
comes to equity selling here today
across the board CSI 300 M and the CI
China there are still pockets though
[music] of of tech that still could be
outperforming but you know there is
quite a bit of fierce rotation going
[music] on as well benchmarks though are
mostly lower this morning tech down more
than 1% this is Bloomberg
>> [music]
[music]
>> All right, we are watching this TSMC AGM
that is happening right now and you have
the CEO CC way speaking at the
shareholders meeting and there you go
take a look at the shares now down about
1%. sent the CEO saying that uh TSMC's
share shares will continue to rise and
that the company is confident it will
continue to grow in the next few years.
uh TSMC also saying it is not using
ASML's high high na that is a high
numerical aperture in chip manufacturing
referring to some of these uh extreme
ultraviolet lithography machine uh and
uh yes the CEO there reiterating that
TSMC TSMC's shares will continue to rise
although we are seeing the opposite here
uh on the share price right now
>> well it hasn't been a TSMC story for for
Taiwan for some time right it hasn't
been doing as well as maybe other parts
of of this tech sort of AI trade, right?
When you take a look, you know, uh how
the likes of MediaTek and some of these
other names and where investors have
shifted their focus and mostly because
they they've they've been forced to,
right, as you mentioned, like victims of
their own success and really a lot of
foreign investors are either going to
have to be, you know, looking at other
parts, maybe less appealing parts of
this AI trade or just avoid
overconentration altogether. But it's
interesting what he said about you know
reducing the reliance when it comes to
ASML and some of those lithography trips
because of costs they say. So that
certainly is one reason. Um and then
there have been talking about the demand
picture right they won't catch up with
demand in a long time very similar to
what we've been hearing from some of the
CEOs Korea and some of the memory names
as well. So um that is what they're
saying here right now and they will
continue and confident that AI continues
to grow over the next few years as well.
Shares down some 1%. Let's talk a bit
more about of course listings IPOs here
in in greater China. BYD backed robotics
firm. Let's talk about this one. Passini
said to be considering a Hong Kong IPO
and sources say is working with banks on
the potential offering and may file with
exchange in the coming months. Let's
bring in our Asia Equities deputy
managing editor Belage Pence for more.
So what do we know about the the robotic
space in China in the pipeline? Now
>> Pixini is an interesting case. uh you
know this is a company that raised about
a billion yuan a couple months ago it's
valued around 10 billion BYD is one of
the backers as we heard JD is another
backer they make these uh very dexterous
robotic hands which is one of the kind
of bottlenecks in this industry that
we've heard about but it's really just
emblematic of this wave of robotics
companies that are poised to come to the
market there are uh about 50 uh IPOs
lined up in the pipeline just for Hong
Kong which just shows how how much
interest there is, how much enthusiasm
there is around this market. One
interesting company is Unitry. We of
course all saw the Kung Fu Robots a
couple months ago. That's the company
that makes them. They just got approval
for Shanghai IPO uh this week. So that's
coming to the market as well.
>> Why are all these companies all coming
to the market right now though?
>> Yeah, that's an interesting one. I think
there are a couple of reasons. One is
China tech is actually really really
hot. We saw this wave of AI related
IPOs, chip makers and model makers and
component makers come to the market over
the past six months and they've done
very very well. We all remember these
humongous first day pops hundreds of
percent uh up and the these stocks have
been doing really well. So obviously the
robotics makers are looking at this
market and and thinking we can do the
same as well. These are companies that
have huge funding needs. They're in a
different place of their product cycle
right now. So they do need to raise
money and they think that this is a
really really great opportunity to do
that right now. H
>> how should we look at valuations of this
space right? Some are pretty expensive
here right now. Do you think you know
and and I mean these are companies are
also burning a lot of cash. What what
are valuations looking like now?
>> That's going to be the a really really
interesting question when they actually
do launch their IPOs. How do investors
think about these companies? On the one
hand they might think you can't miss out
on them, right? like the the market is
so hot. You got to get in. You got to
grab those gains. On the other hand,
like you said, these companies are
burning cash right now. A lot of them
are not very profitable and in a lot of
cases, the use cases are not really
clear. We're not really sure how these
products are going to sell on the actual
market. So, it's going to be very very
interesting to see whether they can
match the valuations of those AI
companies.
>> Thank you so much, Bloomberg Asia
Equities Deputy Managing Editor Balas
Pens there. And now to other top stories
that we are watching in the tech space.
Broadcom shares fell in extended trade
after the company delivered a
disappointing forecast [music] for AI
chip revenue. It seized the third
quarter AI sales of 16 billion where
analysts had expected 17 billion [music]
on average. The fullear forecast of 56
billion was also shy of estimates.
[music] Broadcom says it's making
progress with AI customers including
Alphabet, Anthropic, and Meta. Crowd
Strike shares also dropped in late trade
after its second [music] quarter revenue
outlook failed to impress investors who
have bid up the price in recent months.
The cyber security provider met analyst
forecasts [music] for projected revenue
and adjusted earnings of up to $1.17
per share. Crowdstrike stock had risen
59% [music] this year. Google parent
Alphabet has increased the size of its
equity raise to around $85 billion
[music]
to help fund its growing AI spending
plans. The offering includes a $40
billion at the market [music] program
and a $10 billion deal with Burkshshire
Heatherway. Alphabet is aiming to
capitalize on growing demand for its
homegrown AI chips known as TPUs [music]
as it ramps up capital expenditures to
record levels. [music] And you can
rewatch any of our segments on the
Bloomberg video hub. Subscribers can
explore live streaming news and
interviews all [music]
our Bloomberg TV shows, documentaries,
reporter analysis, and more. Check out
bloomberg.com/videos. [music]
This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Welcome back to the China Show. Here are
some of the other major [music]
corporate stories we're following this
morning. Bloomberg's been told that some
members of the billionaire Glazer family
have been debating whether [music] to
sell their stake in English football
giants Manchester United. We're told the
family as a whole has not made a [music]
decision to exit and different family
members are still discussing the best
path forward. The Glazer's more than 20
years of ownership of the club has often
been blighted [music] by fan protests.
Bill Akbid is looking to sell his stake
in Universal [music] Music Group just
days after the world's largest music
label rejected his takeover bid. The
sale would raise around $1.7 billion for
Eggman's Persing Square at the top of a
marketed range. The source says Eggman
[music]
is expected to profit is expecting a
profit on the transaction of more than
$600 million.
Now for another check of markets. We are
looking at some of the big movers uh on
the Hong Singh tech here and uh yes we
are seeing downside on some of these uh
names here. Lenovo, Mtoan and BYD,
right? Getting hit by that Broadcom le
slump across the tech sector here.
Ivonne.
>> Yeah, I mean Lenovo is down some 4%. We
were talking about just the technicals
of that stock itself was already seen as
overbought. This really kind of brings
us back to levels that we saw what May
29th. So maybe like a week ago. They
take a look when it comes to Mtoan
though continue to see when it comes to
you know as we've been talking about
right the internet platforms food
delivery uh still looking at like the
weak side of this market it's
interesting too if SMIC though the chip
space is still looking a little bit more
resilient against some of these other
big names uh and you are seeing some
pockets as you mentioned of still uh
things looking well when you take a look
optical stocks for example in China
right perhaps this is still sort of that
Nvidia Jensen Huang effect a competex
effect uh but you are still seeing some
decent gains here for some of these
optical stocks here this morning. In
terms of the dashboard, you know, the
benchmarks are looking a little bit
weaker on the on the China side as well.
So certainly we're watching very
closely. Uh the remn also has been
holding on to some of the weakness after
of course this dollar story comes back
in a big way here once again. So uh we
are seeing what it comes to mostly red
across the board here this morning. Iron
ore some of these commodities are also
falling here as well. Uh yields are
pretty steady though uh when it comes to
CGBs here this morning. Uh and we're
tracking of course uh Taiwan hardware
stocks as well. We just had the CCA uh
of TSMC talking in that AGM about you
know the demand picture they say could
still continue for a few years as well.
Uh but yes TSMC shares are a bit lower
here this morning but we are seeing some
of these Taiwan AI adjacent names like
Quanta like we are seeing some
substantial downside here this morning.
Uh the one market to watch I think is
still around the EM space right we talk
about the tech dispersion we talk about
what's really kind of are still the
winners Cosby Taiwan uh but on the flip
side it's the likes of Indonesia it's
the likes of India that continue to
unperform yesterday we saw a massive
drop when it came to the the JCI here
the rupia also uh sinking as well so
once again you you talk about the energy
aspect of it uh the dollar strength
coming back in a big way and Indonesia
certainly has been uh hit by it pretty
hard
>> yeah Indonesia and some of these EM
currencies, right? Vietnam as well hit
pretty hard. And it's really all these
Southeast Asian countries that are very
export-driven that has hit hard and they
don't have the AI insulation as [music]
well. Uh we'll have more in the way uh a
lot more on the way in the next hour.
You're watching the China Show.
[music]
>> [music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. A look
at the CSI 300 a half hour into the
session and we are bouncing off some of
the session lows here, but still we're
underwater by about a fifth of or tenth
of 1% here. Uh looks a little bit better
against the grain when you take a look
at how the rest of the region is fairing
here today when you have Korea markets
coming back. Uh and now we thought it
was going to be a catch-up story given
some of the news that came out through
Computex and Taiwan, but it seems like
right now we are seeing a slump on the
Cosby of about 2% here. Taiwan also
matching that sort of pressure here.
We're down about 1.2% on the TX. That's
despite the fact that Goldman Sachs's
Tim Mo and his team upgraded both of
their forecast or at least targets for
those, right? So I think they were
saying 12,000 for the Cosby, 51,000 for
Tyx here. So they're seeing double digit
upside still at these levels. Uh on the
flip side of things, we are continuing
to see when it comes to the currency,
when it comes to EM, I mean it it's very
bifurcated as we say, right? And and you
take a look at the halves and haves not
in the AI trade and and really what you
are seeing is the likes of Indonesia,
it's the likes of India that continue to
underperform in the EM complex. Uh and
FX markets have been moving quite a bit
here as we talked about here with the
rupia around those record lows. We've
broken and we're near at least that
18,000 level. Korean Juan uh is the one
that is seeing a little bit more gains
here this morning, but really there has
been some concerns about maybe now
intervention watch not just with yen uh
but also with Korea when we heard from
officials there talking about excessive
one-way moves. Uh this is a currency
that has not benefited from equity
inflows here uh despite the costby being
so hot, right? So uh that's one thing to
watch. She also those UEA comments that
came out yesterday about, you know,
signaling where things are and maybe
potentially the market is prime for
maybe a hike from the BOJ as early as
this month. Didn't do too much to sway
the yen, though. I mean, we're
strengthening just a just a tad. We're
still talking about 160 pretty much. Uh,
and so we are watching if we see some
signs of officials there taking any
action. 677. uh we're holding on to
maybe a little bit more strength but
yeah one of the probably weakest drops
or biggest drops we've seen in the remn
uh in weeks you take a look at when it
comes to the halves and have nots right
and when we talk about how divided the
em story is right and you kind of have
to kind of do in different packs right
those that have been very much exposed
the picks and shovels you talk about tai
the Taiwan story uh to the China right
where you are seeing uh these kind of
new pure play AI players that are
actually uh on listed in Shenzhen that's
continues to be an up arrow story on the
flip side of it is the likes of Jakarta
it's the likes of India uh which are
markets that are still dealing with a
lot of the Iran impact as well whether
it's higher energy prices the dollar
strength that is continuing to royal uh
their currencies here with the rupee and
rupia that certainly have been some of
the worst performing ones uh this year
so what does it leave when it comes to
em stocks they retreated from these
record highs as fresh middle east
clashes cloud hopes for a peace deal
Let's bring in our senior Asia Equities
reporter Abisha Vishnoy joining us now
with more. Uh interesting too, right?
Despite the fact that we had some maybe
more positive signals when it came to
Iran with Israel
agreeing to a ceasefire uh with the
likes of Lebanon, you're still seeing EM
come off a little bit here right now.
What do you think is driving that?
>> I mean, I think it's just a little bit
of profit taking and you know the chart
you had on the screen uh that sums it up
pretty nicely. If you zoom out and look
at the EM complex, you know, Korea,
Taiwan obviously are the leaders here
and China is also making a little bit of
comeback. Um there is an issue or you
know specific issues, country specific
issues in Indonesia um and in markets
like India and Iran B related concerns
are exacerbating uh you know uh the the
the issues in those two markets. But I
think overall the MSCI EM complex uh on
the equity side at least can live with
it. I mean it lived with the China
uninvestable tag went through it and you
know it uh it can digest this as well.
If you look um at the valuation and uh
you know earnings picture you know MSEM
is trading at about 12 times that's
actually cheaper than 14 times where it
was a few months ago um few quarters ago
probably and uh if you look at the on
the earning side you know um after Korea
MSIM is the index which is seeing the
biggest upgrades largely because of
Korea and Taiwan again but there are
other you know markets like China as
well which are participating especially
the new China aspect of it expos ports
um you know EVs uh tech AI um to to look
uh it into it a bit deeply uh you look
at how the uh index has done in previous
episodes. So in the pre GFC era you know
the uh trough to peak rise was uh way
more than what we have seen from the
recent lows. So you know it doesn't look
uh very stretched at 12 times earnings
and 38% EPS revisions. Now if you look
uh a bit deeper in other assets
currencies are taking a bit of toll the
so the economy is getting reflected in
the currencies most of the these
currencies except Chinese yuan haven't
done well since the Iran war started but
on the equity side it doesn't look uh
you know stretched at all um there might
be a little bit of profit taking and all
but um the if there are risks out there
they are not being priced in right now
>> you you mentioned Indonesia
I mean, we mentioned some factors as to
why uh we see JCI was slumped to a
5-year low. The Rupia dropping to a
record as well. I mean, there there's
the energy aspect, but there's also a
lot of the domestic sort of issues that
are really weighing on this market and I
think it's one of the worst performing
ones uh this year. What's the outlook
for Indonesia moving forward now?
>> So, you know, that's really interesting.
And if you look at the timeline of the
new regime that is there in Indonesia
for the past several years, I think
that'll speak at all. I I remember we we
did a story saying how you know the new
regime wants to emulate China's rise and
China's policies. But you know without
China's heft, it really becomes a tall
order and if you actually put everything
under a central authority which started
with Dhanara sovereign wealth fund and
now it is going into exports of
commodities that essentially has spooked
a lot of investors. Um and in in if you
look in that context uh that is uh you
know the the big issue with Indonesia's
uh um and Iran war is now exacerbating
their fiscal issues as well. Um rating
um agencies have been have have been
talking about you know revising their
outlook. There have been speculation in
the market. So all in all that is really
weighing on Indonesia like you were
mentioning a while ago. you know, JCI is
at multi-year lows. Um, you know, rupia
is near or at record lows. That really
reflects the the issues that economy and
markets are facing. Um, and and to some
extent, you know, this uh really shows
and sums up like, you know, how some
investors was talking about um that, you
know, it looks like the big short or the
big funding source to go into other
markets. Now, it looks like a balance
sheet error on MSEI emerging market. It
looks like um the new sick man of Asia
that Philippines was you know um you
know several cycles ago.
>> Yeah. Um still looking for yeah those
catalysts here for Indonesia it seems.
Abby, thank you. Our senior Asia
equities reporter Abishek Vishnoy
joining us out of Singapore. Uh now to
Bloomberg's hoop here. We've learned
that China's Deep Seek is close to
raising 7 billion dollars from investors
which include the likes of Tencent and
CL. Let's bring in Stephen Engel, our
chief North Asia correspondent. Fresh
off uh Computex and now back in Hong
Kong. Still looking fresh. I know. I
know you've had a very long run
[laughter] of travels.
>> I don't know how fresh I am, but fresh
of mind for sure.
>> Yeah. What do we know about Deep Seek?
>> Well, Deep Seek, but just coming off to
Taiwan and we just saw all those charts
on Taiwan. That's you know, stock market
over the last year is up 112%. You feel
the optimism on the AI on the back of
the AI uh boost, the gen sanity if you
will. Did you feel it too well? Oh,
>> definitely felt it. def [laughter]
definitely felt it because these are the
the component parts makers of the AI
ecosystem uh that are all just
skyrocketing right now. So there's lots
of optimism but uh in China yeah there's
optimism as well with all their AI uh
little dragons if you will. Deepseek was
really the one that came to the four uh
just a couple of years ago or actually
was it LA only last year? My goodness,
the Deep Seek moment. This the company's
only been around really since 2023. It's
really built a reputation for cutting
edge innovations, but also, you know,
having really um the the the the
comparables to the American counterparts
has been pretty significant uh at a
fraction of the cost and they're going
to continue to be open source and the
like and developing uh to the ultimate
goal of AGI, artificial general
intelligence, which is the ultimate
goal, no doubt. Uh but now we're hearing
and this is really a milestone for
China's AI uh push uh they're close to
finalizing a deal according to sources
close to the matter telling Bloomberg to
raise about 50 billion yuan 7.74 billion
US it's a sizable amount for such a
young company uh and you know it's one
of China's if not China's largest uh
startup financings uh and we're talking
about term sheets according to these
sources being uh sent around and signed
by the key investors like tense
like CL like the founder Leang Wenfang
uh and also the statebacked National
Artificial Intelligence Industry
Investment Fund. They need to shorten
these names of these administrations but
anyway the National Artificial
Intelligence Industry Investment Fund
also taking a part in this um this
fundraising for Deep Seek that indicates
a major backing by the central
government
>> with I mean obviously we've seen so much
fundraising going on not just in the
China but in the US as well. I mean like
the US a lot of these Chinese players
are facing more pressure now to really
monetize their businesses. Right.
>> That's right. I mean and you you look at
the even though we c just came out of
that euphoria from com competitex but
immediately after Jensen Hang leaves and
the the narrative moves on and Ray Dalio
says a bubble's forming the sentiment
shifts really quick. Now there's a
different trajectory in China, but every
company has pressure when they have
investors to start monetizing it and
start commercializing it uh to get a
return on those investments. So if
they're plowing $7.4 billion, the
natural question is when is the return
on investment? What is the timeline?
Well, what we're hearing is uh that
DeepS will prioritize groundbreaking AI
research over that short-term
commercialization. keep developing open
source models with broader goals as I
said of AGI you know artificial general
intelligence push boundaries of
technology over monetization these are
what the sources are telling us and this
is what deepseek apparently is telling
its investors as they sign those term
sheets uh at the same time as we talked
about pressure of course is going to
mount uh to have that return on
investment
>> Steve thank you Stephen Dingle there our
chief North Asia correspondent uh as we
of course track this whole tech trade
and where we are think you know Bitcoin
uh continues to be a down arrow story.
Take a look what the what the Bitcoin
and cryptocurrency is doing. There you
go. We briefly just now did touch below
that 62,000 level here uh which has been
sort of a floor for some time but we're
back to basically levels that we saw
maybe even before this Middle East war
began. So we're extending that slide
here today. It's already been a pretty
bruising week for Bitcoin itself, right?
We've seen the token shed about close to
12% of its value here. And this sort of
all began once we heard from Michael
Sailor in Strategy, which sold about 2
and a.5 million of its giant Bitcoin
holdings. So that certainly is what is
leading to that. And really that
divergence between what tech has done
versus what really Bitcoin has done is
quite wide right now. And you're seeing
some of the smaller tokens like Ether
also down some 2% here this morning.
Still ahead, we're going to talk a
little bit more about when it comes to
terrorists. President Trump puts tariffs
back on the [music] agenda using claims
of forced labor to target dozens of
countries. We'll look at the potential
impact [music] on the Chinese economy
next. This is Bloomberg.
All right, we got uh when it comes to
[music] levels to watch here on the
rupia, we are now just around that
18,000 level here. So, this is the first
time we have seen as a record lows uh
for the currency and really keeping
markets on guard now for maybe signs of
intervention from the central bank
because a break beyond 18,000 some would
say could actually ramp up some of the
foreign outflows here when it comes to
stocks, when it comes to bonds. So, it's
a key test really for policy makers
whether they will step in or not. So
there you go. Uh it's not just a Rapia
story. We're seeing it across EMFX here
today. Look at uh when it comes to the
ringit here as well. The wands doing
another thing. But we have been on
intervention watch uh for the Korean
Juan for the rupia now and as well as
for the Japanese yen now that we have
reached back to around that 160 level.
So the dollar rings king here once again
here also when it comes to remb uh were
flat but you know a bit of weakness
yesterday though 677 for the currency
right now. Uh and of course what what
happened yesterday and what really kind
of broke a little bit of that rem rally
has been this announcement and these
proposals from the US administration
when it comes to tariffs, right? Well,
China has hit back at the US suggestions
that it used forced labor, saying trade
issues should be sorted out in talks.
The foreign ministry in Beijing was
responding to Trump administration's
plans for new tariffs on dozens of
countries it accuses of failing to
combat modern slavery. products from
China are now would be subject to a 12
and a half% tariff.
China always opposes all forms of
unilateral tariff measures. A trade war
or tariff war serves no one's interest.
Trade issues should be resolved through
dialogue and consultations based on
equality, mutual respect, and mutual
benefit. There is no such thing as
forced labor in China and we oppose
using it as an excuse to engage in
political manipulation.
>> Let's bring in our chief Asia economist
for Bloomberg Chang Shu she and she
joins us here right now. Tell us a bit
more about the global impact when we're
talking about you know we're back to
this sort of stage right where we're
seeing double digit tariffs across 60
economies.
>> Yeah. Uh we see the impact is likely to
be fairly limited. So bear in mind this
is essentially um a replacement of the
current if when it's implemented it's
likely to be a replacement of the
current tariff regime. The context is
when the Supreme Court uh struck down
the um the AIPA uh arrangement the um
Trump administration quickly rolled out
this temporary solution which is due to
expire in July. Um so so so the um the
administration is trying to find
something on the more solid uh legal
footing. So when this goes ahead um the
um the countries that are imposed uh
tariffs will have broadly similar
tariffs rates and a smaller number of
countries will face 10%. Uh which is uh
the same level as now. uh most other
countries will face slightly higher
arrangements or or levies of 12.5%. If
we put everything together the global
tariffs might rise by.5 percentage point
not massive amount uh of increase. So um
so impact limited but but it's unlikely
to be the final act. So so we have to
keep at keep looking uh watching this
space.
>> Yeah. I mean this this comes on the back
of that Trump summit where they talked
about what the Chinese talked about
strategic stability.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you think that stability is is
impacted any way for China and this
whole export engine when we continue to
see export numbers very strong?
>> Yeah. Uh I think within that global
context we talked about and the impact
on China is likely to be limited as
well. um we we see um China's uh
certainly facing higher tariff rates
than the rest of the world. The latest
one if China face uh 12.5% after the
latest arrangements the tariff rates
might go up slightly um to by one
percentage point or so. So not a massive
increase in absolute terms. And what's
also cru crucial is the gap between
China's um tariffs and the rest of the
world and stays more or less uh stable.
Um the China is facing like around 20%
uh of tariffs compared to 10% with the
rest of the world. We know China's uh
exports have been staying so robust. I
think it's more um because the country
is producing a lot of things the rest of
the world wants. So, so at this point we
don't think this will affect exports
that much.
>> Changu, thank you. Our Bloomberg
economics chief Asia economist there uh
on the potential impact uh when it comes
to these proposed US tariffs here. Uh
let's cross over to what's going on in
San Francisco, the Bloomberg Tech event
that's happening there. In conversation
right now is Elizabeth Stone, the chief
product and technology officer at
Netflix. uh for subscribers. Of course,
you can tune into this a little bit more
as well, but certainly lots to talk
about here when it comes to Netflix
there. Uh you know, the strategies and
and all that here. Let's listen in
>> viewing experience, what your
preferences are, as well as a way to
represent the content that we have. So,
think about that as if you watched a
certain film, you might say, "This is a
horror film that's maybe kind of kitschy
from the 1990s description." M some of
the new technologies allow us to do that
type of description of the content in a
much richer way. So we can marry this
rich understanding about the type of
content that you love and enjoy with a
rich set of understanding about what is
this film or TV series or podcast about
with a rich understanding about the
world like what's in the cultural
conversation right now what's trending
in terms of focus areas and then bring
that together into an experience that
feels extremely personalized and
immersive and more conversational means
that you can use things like natural
language
to say like knowing what you know about
the type of content I like and knowing
the content catalog that Netflix has to
offer and the context that I'm sitting
in. Am I watching with my family? Did I
have a tough day? Am I looking for a
laugh? That conversational experience is
powered by that rich context across
members content and the world around us.
So that comes to life in things like the
voice UI experience that we're testing
now. And we've done different tests or
beta experiences using your phone and
natural language to help search the
catalog. That's enabled by a different
approach under the hood that you don't
always see, but helps to enable the
great member experiences.
>> You've leaned into live. You've got
multiple NFL games this year. Big NFL
games, the Women's World Cup, WWE, MMA.
Obviously, everyone hitting play at the
same time, Tyson Paul, is so different
than I'm gonna watch whenever I want.
>> Um, how hard has this been to pull off?
>> It's easy to look at live and say,
shouldn't a company like Netflix just be
able to flip a switch and it works
perfectly? That has that's that's not
reality. Um, and I don't think that's
not reality for only Netflix. So many
companies who've gone through bringing
live over the internet versus broadcast
have gone through a similar experience.
It was really tough. I am glad that we
took very big swings early on though.
>> So that includes things like the Paul
Tyson fight
standing in a launch room with the team
as we approached 65 million concurrent
viewers. Um dramatically
record-breaking. I think it added up to
more than 108 million people watching at
the same time
when just 6 months earlier approximately
you know we had
maybe
a hundth of that size watching smaller
events. Um, so it really went from zero
to 100 fast for us and taking that big
swing meant we learned very quickly
about where our systems needed to
evolve. So things a good example of that
will be if you're talking about video on
demand, we're able to place those
content files very close to where you
live and when you press play, it is
sitting there cached and ready to go and
pretty seamless. For live, it's going
from the camera to the cloud to the
content delivery network to your device
in almost real time. And there is no
room for error along that path. And the
room for error gets very large with a
high blast radius when a lot of people
press play at the same time. So it's
definitely a challenge. We had to
rethink a lot of things that we had
built over time. Open connect which is
our content delivery network has been a
huge benefit to have as [music] part of
live. So, while it was very highly tuned
and optimized for video,
well, [music] we are seeing declines
when it comes to Bitcoin here this
morning. You take a look at the
cryptocurrency right now. We are now
falling around or to that preconlict
level [music] when it comes to Bitcoin
here and really 62,000 uh has been that
floor. We'll see if we break that. Well,
we briefly did dip below that just this
morning here. So certainly that's one
thing to watch and I think you know
[music] with Michael Sailor and what
we've been hearing when it comes to
strategy that certainly is what has been
uh the driver of this here right now you
take a little in terms [music] of movers
here uh some of these high-flying themes
uh are actually weak this morning. So
everything from robotics from servers
from commodities [music]
as well in terms of the big Asia gainers
you still see some pockets of tech doing
okay. Everything from optical stocks in
China and the like. [music] So certainly
there are still some pick and choose
sort of themes here today. this morning.
We have plenty [music] more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
[music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo and Japanese markets
are heading to that lunch break in just
a moment. Here we are continuing to see
uh we're extending some of the selloff
here across the region. In fact, Nick
and Topics are both lower here this
morning. So, even some of these AI
darlings are selling off a bit here
today. We are a bit on intervention
watch as well, but we've come off from
160. But hey, we're still talking about
1590 levels here uh despite those
comments from UEA yesterday signaling
maybe a good chance we could see a rate
hike from the BOJ as soon as this this
meeting in June. So, uh that certainly
is one thing. Uh we're on intervention
watch across multiple currencies here
this morning, whether it's the yen,
rupia, Korean Juan as well. Uh and we're
seeing maybe yields pick up just a
little bit in the JGB market as well
here this morning. Uh this is against a
backdrop of really a sea of red across
most sectors here today. Uh when you are
seeing uh risk appetite being sapped
really the likes of the dollar coming
back in a big way. You look at the JCI
Indonesia after we did break briefly
below that 18,000 level for the Rupia or
new record lows there. Uh that is adding
to more of that outflow pressure for the
the the stock market. Right. We're down
some 3% again after dropping some 5% at
5-year lows uh for the index. So uh EM
continues to be uh the one paneful sort
of side of it that the JCI when you take
a look when it comes to India markets as
well but even the tech side of things uh
like the Cosby today are also feeling it
here. So perhaps now copy text is over
maybe some all the good news around
Nvidia and Jensen Huang that that sort
of effect has been fading a little bit
here today. Um but yeah, gives us a
little bit more time opportunities to to
shift our focus away from the AI story
or maybe just the AI story when it comes
to the biotech side of things as well
with China's biotech sector which
recently took center stage at the annual
American Society of Clinical Oncology
meeting. Now Azo's Ivan Matt made
history by offering the first ever
Chinese data set to command a coveted
spot at the plenary session.
the buildup of the deals as well as the
new flood of results, they are very much
in favor of the continued boom of China
biotech. Uh I think it's encouraging
here to see it's not just one drug, one
company, uh but rather a structural
output, you know, from China, the whole
industry wise.
>> We have a lot of confidence that this
could benefit for patients worldwide and
not just in China. We're very confident
that we will be the dominant player in
in this class of drugs.
>> And that was Bernstein senior analyst
Rebecca Leang and Aquesso CFO Bing Wang
speaking to us earlier this week as
well. Uh and really despite the data
being presented by several Chinese
biotech firms uh which people have
marked was a very big milestone really
at this oncology summit. Uh stocks have
taken a hit uh this week as well. So you
know we had that as sort of a kessle
spike on the back of some of the news
innov and fizer and that deal certainly
did spark a lot of optimism around the
space here but yeah sometimes you know
when you talk about tech and really the
the the heated sort of sectors there
that really continues to take a lot of
the spotlight away from biotech of late.
Uh joining us now is really interesting.
Our next guest who in some predicted
about a decade ago that China would
become the main competitor to the US in
biotech. Siri Ziri Roing is CEO and
co-founder of Silicon Valley based
cancer therapeutic startup early. Uh
Siri, it's great to have you on the
program here. It's interesting. I I want
to bring back sort of what you wrote
back in 2016 about what you saw on the
ground in China and how the biotech
sector has really evolved in the last 10
years. It seems to be coming to fruition
now. Your perspective, how do you look
at it now and what do you think the next
10 years brings for China?
>> Yeah, 10 years ago I spent a month in
China in Beijing with my wife and our
then really tiny little children of one
and three. And the goal was to meet
China's entrepreneurs. So I went from
very large on uh startups that had
already $20 billion market cap at the
time which was Mtoan
uh all the way to the founders of tiny
companies and even those sitting in
coffee shops wanting to start a company
but not knowing what to do yet. And what
I took away from that was that China
will be the only real competitor of
Silicon Valley in the next 10 years. And
at the time I specifically looked at
Beijing, Shanghai, and Shenzhen. Well,
now fast forward, it's exactly 10 years
later and it's not only in tech where we
have massive competition now on the AI
side, but also in biotech and you just
mentioned that at ASCO you saw a queso
on stage, but it's not just that. like a
day before or two, Fizer has signed a
signed a $10.5 billion deal with China's
innov
I would say a weekly activity by now to
announce new deals. So we are seeing an
enormous level of innovation. You know
in the old days people used to call
China the copycats. That has been wrong
for the last 10 years already. You could
see it with DJI, DJI drones back then.
You can see it with biotech. Now, China
is an innovation powerhouse and the US
has to be very careful in in order to
stay ahead of the pack or stay at the
front of the pack together with China
because it's certainly not alone
anymore.
what you know when you take a look at
the development or whe the supply chain
that China you know has dominated in now
in what ways do you think China
dominates and what what aspects of the
supply chain do you think China is in
some ways surpassing the US and and
what's still missing do you think
>> well you know I think supply chain is
what people like to reduce it to but
that's really not it in drug development
the real money is in the innovation it
is in the drug development
Is it in a design of the drug? And
that's where we see China making leaps
and bounds. And quite frankly, I this is
a geopolitical reality now that you know
when you talk about each country
developing the best drugs in the world.
Let me put out a scenario. This is not
just an amazing situation. It's also a
potential problem situation because in
in a competition scenario that we're
clearly seeing between the US and China
as the two superpowers,
you know, there are two two different
scenarios where this can go either way
in a way that we may not want it to go.
You already saw during co that when
there's supply shortage for some reason
or another, your own country comes first
and that is very understandable. So the
question needs to be asked is do you
really want to rely on the other
countries supplying lifesaving drugs to
to yourself to your own country? And the
and the question was clearly answered by
China with a with a very clear no when
in 2021 the next five-year plan was
agreed and it showed high-tech scenarios
like robotics and biotech all the way in
the forefront of the na latest
innovation and innov investment by the
by the government and we're seeing not
the same level of investment in the
United States and before you know it
something like biotech could become the
next rare earth in rare earth metals.
We've seen it became a geopolitical
bargaining ship and that is not out of
the question for biotech either and we
have to be careful both countries.
>> So that's interesting you're you're the
the comparisons that you're seeing to to
rare earth. So you're you're foreseeing
maybe there's going to be some sort of
politics involved like do you do you is
there any way or any part you know world
where you see that the biotech sector is
going to be politics free?
>> Let me let me be clear. I hope that will
never be the case. I hope that we will
never see the situation that life-saving
cancer drugs will not be transferred to
the other country for geopolitical
reasons. But did we not did we think
that would ever happen with rare earths?
Probably not either. most people at
least. So we have to be careful and
supply shortages can happen too for very
normal reasons that we can't anticipate
like during co and each country came
first. So what I'm trying to say with
that is the United States has to get its
act together and move to keep biotech at
the very forefront like it used to be.
And the more deal making we see from
farmer companies from the US buying
technology that's innovated in China the
less innovation will happen in the US
because the money is not going there. So
there is a very important element here
of government support. I I would be s I
would highly suggest the United States
does something similar to what the what
China does so well which is investing in
biotech with a sovereign wealth fund
where money actually flattens this
funding curve. You may not be so aware
in Asia but there's a huge
um roller coaster of investment cycles
in biotech that's much much worse than
in normal technologies where suddenly
you have no funding for three or four
years and then you have a boom phase
where there's lots of funding and in the
meantime
>> amazing drugs
>> they vanish they go away.
Syria, I before you go, I want to ask
you about your company Early, which I
know the platform you combine everything
from AI to cancer imaging to to you.
Tell us a bit more about the automation
side of things and and really deploying
AI into your workflow. How does it all
work?
>> Early is an early cancer treatment
company that uses artificial
intelligence
to create genetic switches.
They're think of them as in the form of
DNA. You inject it into the body, it
goes everywhere, but it only turns on in
cancer cells. And when it does turn on,
it reprograms the cancer cell to become
its own factory that makes its own drug.
So the cancer cell becomes a factory
that makes a drug against itself by
activating the immune system to attack
and then kill the cancer. Now that is
the opposite of what we do today.
Normally, we inject a drug and we have
all kinds of side effects because it
goes everywhere in the body. And we're
trying to limit these side effects by
making them as personalized as possible.
But it never really goes all the way to
working only in cancer. And so we have
to lower the dose. And when we lower the
dose, you don't see as many effects that
we want, meaning killing the cancer. So
what do we do instead? We turn the
cancer cell itself into its own drug
factory by programming it. And for that,
we needed massive amounts of AI and
machine learning to get there. And by
using this AI, we were able to create
switches that are now so accurate that
not only do they completely get rid of
the cancer in mice, but it's also
completely safe in large animals, in
monkeys, and we want to be in the clinic
in humans, in lung cancer patients by
summer of next year with this
>> fascinating stuff. Um I'm gonna get get
you to look into your crystal ball once
again. Um of really in terms of what
types of cancers do you see Syriak that
you know we'll see the most
breakthroughs in the in the coming
years?
>> Yeah, it's a great question. Uh I would
answer this by saying you will see it in
lung cancer because the 5-year survival
rate is unfortunately still only at 28%
although we doubled it. We doubled it
from 14 to 28 in the last 20 years. We
have a ways to go and we will hopefully
we will help a little bit with that with
early. Secondly, I think pancreatic
cancer you just saw major breakthroughs
for the first time in 40 years at ASCO.
People got up in the hall and clapped
which almost never happens among the
scientists and doctors sitting in the
room. I can tell you that. So
>> why is this happening? Because
artificial intelligence allows us to
speed up the process of innovation and
drug development in a way that was never
possible before. The intersection of the
physical atom and the digital bit.
That's where we're going to see the
biggest innovations with AI. And one of
those is robotics and the other one is
biology. Imagine if you could program
biology. If you could program diseases
against themselves to get rid of
themselves, that's what we're going to
use AI for. And I'm excited about it.
It's way beyond the LLMs. It's
essentially using the technologies for
something that saves lives.
>> Uh let's hope so. Uh Siri, thank you so
much for joining us. Fascinating stuff.
Siri Roing there, CEO and co-founder at
cancer therapeutic startup early. Uh
we're checking of course Indonesia
markets here today and yeah it's been a
pretty ugly sell-off the last two
sessions here. We're seeing another 4%
decline on the JCI. So that racks up to
8% losses here and that is the biggest
two-day drop we've seen since January of
this year. So certainly uh there's more
kind of concerns when it comes to the
rupia as well. We we are around that
18,000 uh level here which has been a
level that you know we are looking for
intervention watch and the like. So
certainly uh the outflow story continues
when it comes to uh this EM market here
today and we are now talking not just
the stocks but also the currency
continue to see weakness here. We have
plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
All right, as we've been tracking, of
course, what's going on in Jakarta here
this morning. We're closely watching the
Rupia here after it did hit that 18,000
level. It is a new record low and
certainly the markets are watching and
putting traders really on edge here this
morning as we continue to see dollar
strength. Uh, and that really is causing
more outflows into the equity market
here this morning. But it's not just the
rupia. EMFX certainly seeing a lot of
pressure here. Let's bring in our EM and
macro strategist Marcus Wong. He joins
us with more. Uh, you know, Marcus, tell
us what's really driving a lot of this
right now. You know, with Indonesia
specifically, uh, there's many
challenges that this economy is really
dealing through and we're we're feeling
it right now across these markets.
>> Yeah, I think you know the sense a
perfect storm. We saw the as you
mentioned it reached the 18,000 level
today and it's I'm pays to to add this
is a very key psychological level,
right? Every round number from 17,000
80,000 these are key levels. Now I think
going in today there was some
expectations in the market that you know
maybe bank Indonesia might actually step
into maybe more heavily defend the
currency but nonetheless we saw the
currency breach past that level. Um and
I think you know what what investors are
saying that this could really just
accentuate the momentum of outflows from
Indonesia going forward and you know as
you say is just it's just a firestorm of
of different different things right you
know oil prices of course are high and
of course that has you know been
weighing on EMss in general but for
Indonesia specifically um there is also
the question about investability um you
know we just saw the um you know um
stock index on Monday fall to fall to a
5-year low and part of this is due to
concerns uh over you know being
downgraded to a frontier tier market
economy. Um in addition to that also of
course there are larger concerns about a
potential rating downgrade. We've
already seen you know Fitch as well as
um Moody's revise down their outlooks
for Indonesia. Um so of course lingering
behind all this is whether we might
actually see a a rating downgrade moving
forward. Um so you know Indonesia of
course has been stepping in you know
they adise inventions and so on but you
know there can slow it down but can't
stop the direction of travel which is
for a weaker rupia moving forward.
Okay. Uh what what levels can we watch?
Not just when it comes to rupia Marcus,
you know, we're seeing, you know, a lot
of pressure when it comes to the Korean
Juan. We talk about the rupee as I mean
it seems like this dollar strength is
coming back in a big way, you know,
beyond just intervention. What sort of
tools do you think that central banks
need to really start deploying now?
>> Well, I mean, of course, you know, going
through reserves is one of them. So
you've seen you know the likes of
Indonesia, India uh going through the
reserves and not just the sport reserves
but also their forward books but we've
also seen you know different authorities
g become more innovative in a sense uh
with Korea with an national passage NPS
hedging uh even Indonesia with it um you
know control over exports um but just to
highlight get back on Indonesia about
their their you know goal to actually
control exports of commodities in the
sense you know there's a sense that this
could actually eventually may backfire
in the longer term because this brings
about the investibility of the economy
in question. So you know you're right to
say though that I think different um
central banks, different authorities
across the board have stepped in um you
know um going through reserves is one of
them but there's only that much they can
do um you know when the dollar is
rebounding and you know also I think the
talk in the town is even if there is
some resolution and I think there's
hints of that coming in you know there
might be some you know um resolution
coming in for the Iran war the reality
is that all prices still remain very
high and this will continue to weigh on
this net allimp importing economies.
Yeah, hoping for some sort of positive
catalyst here. Marcus, thank you. Our EM
and macro strategist Marcus Wong joining
us out of Singapore this morning. Um,
it's not just a currency story. We're
talking about crypto as well. Bitcoin
fell to its lowest level since the Iran
conflict began as renewed clashes in the
Middle East weigh on market sentiment.
Let's get more now from our
cryptocurrency reporter, Suvashri. Suva,
it's great to have you. Um, it couldn't
be more apparent this gap that we're
seeing with with tech versus crypto.
walk us through kind of what's really
driving this this sell off in crypto.
Now
>> as you said rightly uh yeah it is a very
idiosyncratic crypto syndrome that we
are seeing now what is happening
basically is this week uh micro the
strategy which is uh the biggest uh you
know single largest buyer of bitcoin. So
they said that they have sold a very
tiny amount like $2.5 million of bitcoin
but that has shaken the confidence of uh
you know the entire market because uh
Michael Sailor who is the the founder of
strategy has had said that he will never
sell bitcoin and uh he's in a way you
know broken that oath to the to the
bitcoin maxis and that has led to a
spillover across the entire market. We
can see you know Bitcoin is just not a
standalone uh uh cryptocurrency. It has
a you know broader ecosystem which is it
is linked to ETFs. It is linked to
derivatives. It is linked to digital
asset treasuries. So the entire
ecosystem's trust in uh in this uh
conviction story in the in the in
bitcoin is kind of a little bit shaken
and that is it's basically a psychology
uh driven kind of a mood driven kind of
selloff but u it's really picking up as
you as you see uh today as well.
>> Yeah
>> su thank you suvashri go there uh in
Singapore joining us on the moves that
we're seeing in bitcoin as well. Um, so
from that of course we're gonna talk a
little bit more about tech and go to San
Francisco now the tech event that's
happening there. Our very own Tom Giles
is speaking with Andrew Felman the
co-founder and CEO of Cerebras system.
Let's take a listen and you disintegrate
the process right where the AWS tranium
handles one part and then you take the
part of inference where you decode. So
talk a little bit about that and more
and more to the point talk about how
that is a blueprint or can be a
blueprint for work with other
hyperscalers. We we had a pretty good uh
90-day run. We we did a a deal north of
$20 billion with OpenAI
um in a committed take or payaid deal
and then uh 45 days later we signed a
big deal with AWS.
>> Um
uh
the the idea in most cases as a computer
architect is to try and look at a
problem and and think about what the
right machine is for it. Should you
design the machine? can we use somebody
else's machine? Um,
and what we what we saw in 2015 and 16
was the rise of a new workload. And we
thought, well, this workload's going to
eat a lot of compute. This new AI is
going to eat an extraordinary amount of
compute. And we made two contrarian bets
at the time. The first was uh we will
build dedicated silicon for it. And
number two, we will not build something
that looks like a GPU. we will start
with a clean sheet of paper and build
something entirely different.
And uh both of those at the time people
thought we were mad and and it turned
out we we were dead right now. If you
fast forward,
[music]
uh it doesn't seem like there's that
much light up in sight right now when it
comes to some EM markets here,
particularly when we take a look at how
Indonesia is doing. We are continuing
[music] to see downside of close to 5%.
So that racks up about 9% losses here
already for the last two days. And we've
been talking about this sort of plethora
of bad [music] news when it comes to
this economy, whether it's energy
prices, whether it's fiscal concerns,
whether it's about [music]
reclassification uh with index
providers. So that certainly is one
thing and that's really weighing on the
currency side of things here today as
well. And even the likes of some of
these tech [music] darling benchmarks
like the Cosby coming back from that
holiday continues to see downward
pressure here. And there you go. Rupia
[music] just around that 18,000 level
here. Probably one of the worst
performers in the Asia FX space here.
and Bitcoin were off the lows but still
[music] seeing some downside. That's it
for us here on the China show.